Feature - SQL Table and SQL data node documentation (#217)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md

-   _**storage_type**_ is an attribute that indicates the type of storage of the
    data node.<br/>
    The possible values are ["pickle"](#pickle) (**the default value**),

>     ["csv"](#csv), ["excel"](#excel), ["sql"](#sql), ["sql_table"](#sql_table), ["in_memory"](#in-memory), or

Reviewer: JSON is missing. can you add it ?

    To configure an Excel data node, it is equivalent to use the method `Config.configure_excel_data_node()^` or
    the method `Config.configure_data_node()^` with parameter `storage_type="excel"`.

# SQL

!!! Important

    To be able to use a `SQLDataNode^` with Microsoft SQL Server you need to run internal dependencies with
    `pip install taipy[mssql]` and install your corresponding
    [Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/connect/odbc/microsoft-odbc-driver-for-sql-server).

> A `SQLDataNode^` is a specific data node used to model SQL
> data using queries. To add a new _sql_ data node configuration, the `Config.configure_sql_data_node()^` method can be used. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `SQLDataNode^` is a specific data node used to model data stored in an SQL database. To add a new _sql_ data node configuration, the `Config.configure_sql_data_node()^` method can be used. In
```

-   The _**db_engine**_ parameter represents the engine of the database.
-   The _**read_query**_ parameter represents the SQL query that will be used by Taipy to read the data from the
    database.

> -   The _**write_query_builder**_ parameter is the callback that takes in the data and return a list of queries that are executed when the data node is written into.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The _**write_query_builder**_ parameter is a callable function that takes the data as an input parameter and returns a list of SQL queries to be executed when the write data node method is called.
```

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Config
import pandas as pd

def write_query_builder(data: pd.DataFrame){
    insert_data = list(data[["date", "nb_sales"]].itertuples(index=False, name=None))
    return [
        "DELETE FROM forecast_table",
        ("INSERT INTO forecast_table VALUES (?, ?)", insert_data)
    ]
}

forecasts_cfg = Config.configure_sql_data_node(id="forecasts",
                                               db_username="admin",
                                               db_password="password",
                                               db_name="taipy",
                                               db_engine="mssql",
                                               read_query="SELECT * from forecast_table",
                                               write_query_builder= write_query_builder)
```

In the previous example, we configure a _sql_ data node with the id "forecasts". Its scope is the
default value `SCENARIO`. The database username is "admin", the user's password is "password", the database name
is "taipy", and the database engine is `mssql` (short for Microsoft SQL). The read query will be "SELECT \* from
forecast_table".

> The write query builder in this example is a callback that takes in a dataframe and return a list of queries. The first query will delete all the data in the table "forecast_table" and the second query is a prepared statement that takes in two values, which is the data from the two columns "date" and "nb_sales" in the dataframe. Since this is a prepared statement, it must be passed as a tuple with the first element being the query and the second element being the data.

Reviewer: Can you add a sentence to explain that the data parameter type must be the same as the return type of the function of the task config that has the data node as output?

Author: In Python we do not have static type in the parameter so there is not any restriction. It's up for the user to know what the return type of the task function is and code the write_query_builder accordingly.

Reviewer: Yes of course, but still the data returned by the task must match with the way it is used within the query_builder. We must explain that so that the user understands it.
For instance, if the query_builder expects a data frame, the task must not return a list of integers.

!!! Note

    To configure an SQL data node, it is equivalent to use the method `Config.configure_sql_data_node()^` or
    the method `Config.configure_data_node()^` with parameter `storage_type="sql"`.

# SQL Table

!!! Important

    To be able to use a `SQLTableDataNode^` with Microsoft SQL Server you need to run internal dependencies with
    `pip install taipy[mssql]` and install your corresponding
    [Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/connect/odbc/microsoft-odbc-driver-for-sql-server).

> A `SQLTableDataNode^` is a specific data node used to model data from a SQL table. To add a new _sql_table_ data node configuration, the `Config.configure_sql_table_data_node()^` method can be used. In
> addition to the generic parameters described in the previous section
> [Data node configuration](data-node-config.md), multiple
> parameters can be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `SQLTableDataNode^` is a specific data node that models data stored in a single SQL table. To add a new _sql_table_ data node configuration, the `Config.configure_sql_table_data_node()^` method can be used. In
addition to the generic parameters described in the previous section
[Data node configuration](data-node-config.md), multiple
parameters can be provided.
```

-   The _**db_name**_ parameter represents the name of the database.
-   The _**db_engine**_ parameter represents the engine of the database.
-   The _**table_name**_ parameter represents the name of the table to read from and write into.
-   The _**db_port**_ parameter represents the database port that will be used by Taipy to access the database. The
    default value of _db_port_ is 1433.
-   The _**db_host**_ parameter represents the database host that will be used by Taipy to access the database. The
    default value of _db_host_ is "localhost".
-   The _**db_driver**_ parameter represents the database driver that will be used by Taipy. The default value of
    _db_driver_ is "ODBC Driver 17 for SQL Server".

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Config

forecasts_cfg = Config.configure_sql_table_data_node(id="forecasts",
                                               db_username="admin",
                                               db_password="password",
                                               db_name="taipy",
                                               db_engine="mssql",
                                               table_name="forecast_table")
```

> In the previous example, we configure a _sql_table_ data node with the id "forecasts". Its scope is the
> default value `SCENARIO`. The database username is "admin", the user's password is "password", the database name
> is "taipy", and the database engine is `mssql` (short for Microsoft SQL). The table name is "forecast_table". When the data node is read, it will read all the rows from the table "forecast_table" and when the data node is written, it will delete all the data in the table and insert the new data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, we configure a _sql_table_ data node with the id "forecasts". Its scope is the
default value `SCENARIO`. The database username is "admin", the user's password is "password", the database name
is "taipy", and the database engine is `mssql` (short for Microsoft SQL). The table name is "forecast_table". When the data node is read, it will read all the rows from the table "forecast_table," and when the data node is written, it will delete all the data in the table and insert the new data.
```
